
【Privacy Policy】 

NETBOOM PTE. LTD. is committed to building the best free apps for global players. This SERVICE is provided by NETBOOM PTE. LTD. and intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

【Information Provided by You】 

Profile Information: When creating an account or interacting with us on the Netboom platform, you are required to provide personal data such as your name, phone number, email address, etc.Payment Information: If you make payments on the Netboom platform, we collect payment information such as cardholder name, card number, billing address, expiration date, and security code.

【Information Collected When You Use Netboom】 

Google Play Services Log Data:We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Usage Logs: We also keep logs of your access dates, times, and other information related to your platform usage.Cookies : Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

【How We Use Your Information】 

Netboom processes your personal data for various purposes, including but not limited to: Providing and managing the Netboom platform to enable you to enjoy cloud gaming services.Supporting account verification and activity monitoring for platform security.Responding to inquiries and requests, providing personalized advice and services.Processing payments to fulfill your orders on the Netboom platform.Optimizing and improving the functionality and user experience of the Netboom platform.Sending marketing and promotional communications related to our products and services. You can opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link provided in each marketing communication.Analyzing user activities, conducting A/B testing and user surveys to improve and optimize the Netboom platform.

【How We Share Your Information】 

To provide quality services, we may share your personal data with the following third parties: Cloud storage providers: Used for storing the information you provide on the Netboom platform and data backup purposes. Payment processors: Used for processing payments and implementing anti-fraud and anti-money laundering measures. IT service providers: Offering software-as-a-service (SaaS) services, including customer relationship management and other functionalities. Advertising, marketing, and analytics service providers: Assisting us in promoting the Netboom platform and conducting data analysis. Members, subsidiaries, and affiliates of Netboom: Enabling the provision of the Netboom platform and related services. Law enforcement agencies, government authorities, or other organizations: If legally required or necessary for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims, detecting and preventing fraud, enforcing terms and policies, or protecting rights. In connection with business reorganization, asset sales, mergers, or changes in control: In such cases, personal data may be shared as part of the business transition.

【Storage of Personal Data】 

The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside your own, including the United States and other countries. When processing your personal data, we will take reasonable steps to ensure its secure treatment in accordance with this policy.

【Your Rights】 

You have the right to ask us to access the Information we hold about you and be provided with certain information about how we use your Information and who we share it with. You also have the right to ask us to correct your Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to delete the Information we hold about you: where you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold your Information; where we are processing your Information on the basis of legitimate interests and you object to such processing and we cannot demonstrate an overriding legitimate ground for the processing; where you have provided your Information to us with your consent and you wish to withdraw your consent and there is no other ground under which we can process your Information; or where you believe the Information we hold about you is being unlawfully processed by us. In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict (stop any active) processing of your Information: where you believe the Information we hold about you is inaccurate and while we verify accuracy; where we want to erase your Information as the processing is unlawful but you want us to continue to store it; where we no longer need your Information for the purposes of our processing but you require us to retain the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or where you have objected to us processing your Information based on our legitimate interests and we are considering your objection In addition, you can object to our processing of your Information based on our legitimate interests and we will no longer process your Information unless we can demonstrate an overriding legitimate ground. To exercise any of these rights above, please contact us via service@netboom.com

【Service Providers】 

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

【Security】

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

【Links to Other Sites】

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

【Children’s Privacy】

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. If you are under the age of 13, please notify your parents or guardians of your usage.

【Changes to This Privacy Policy】

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

【Terms & Conditions】

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to NETBOOM PTE. LTD. NETBOOM PTE. LTD. is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for. The app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the app won’t work properly or at all. You should be aware that there are certain things that NETBOOM PTE. LTD. will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but NETBOOM PTE. LTD. cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left. If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third partycharges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app. Along the same lines, NETBOOM PTE. LTD. cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, NETBOOM PTE. LTD. cannot accept responsibility. With respect to NETBOOM PTE. LTD.’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. NETBOOM PTE. LTD. accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app. At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android – the requirements (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. NETBOOM PTE. LTD. does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

【GDPR】

NETBOOM PTE. LTD. takes the security of your data and our infrastructure very seriously. We are committed to providing an environment that is safe, secure, and available to all of our customers.

【Overview】

Passed in 2016, the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the most significant legislative change in European data protection laws since the EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC), introduced in 1995. The GDPR, which becomes enforceable on May 25, 2018, seeks to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and serve as a single piece of legislation for all of the EU. It will replace the EU Data Protection Directive and all the local laws relating to it. We support the GDPR and will ensure all NETBOOM PTE. LTD. services comply with its provisions by May 25, 2018. Not only is the GDPR an important step in protecting the fundamental right of privacy for European citizens, it also raises the bar for data protection, security and compliance in the industry.

【Changes to This Terms and Conditions】

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

【Contact Us】

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us via support@netboom.com.